Fix: timeout field in subscriptions for mqtt and mqttCustom cases #4285 (#4313)
telefonicaid/fiware-orion: doc/manuals/orion-api.md

| `qos`     | ✓        | number | MQTT QoS value to use in the notifications associated to the subscription (0, 1 or 2). If omitted then QoS 0 is used.                      |
| `user`    | ✓        | string | User name used to authenticate the connection with the broker.                                                                             |
| `passwd`  | ✓        | string | Passphrase for the broker authentication. It is always obfuscated when retrieving subscription information (e.g. `GET /v2/subscriptions`). |

> | `timeout` | ✓        | number | Maximum time (in milliseconds) the subscription waits for the response. The maximum value allowed for this parameter is 1800000 (30 minutes). If `timeout` is defined to 0 or omitted, then the value passed as `-mqttTimeout` CLI parameter is used. See section in the [Command line options](admin/cli.md#command-line-options) for more details. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `timeout` | ✓        | number | Maximum MQTT broker connection time (in milliseconds). The maximum value allowed for this parameter is 1800000 (30 minutes). If `timeout` is defined to 0 or omitted, then the value passed as `-mqttTimeout` CLI parameter is used. See section in the [Command line options](admin/cli.md#command-line-options) for more details. |
```

| `payload` | ✓        | string | Text-based payload to be used in notifications. In case of empty string or omitted, the default payload (see [Notification Messages](#notification-messages) sections) is used. If `null`, notification will not include any payload. |
| `json`    | ✓        | object | JSON-based payload to be used in notifications. See [JSON Payloads](#json-payloads) section for more details. |
| `ngsi`    | ✓        | object | NGSI patching for payload to be used in notifications. See [NGSI payload patching](#ngsi-payload-patching) section for more details. |

> | `timeout` | ✓        | number | Maximum time (in milliseconds) the subscription waits for the response. The maximum value allowed for this parameter is 1800000 (30 minutes). If `timeout` is defined to 0 or omitted, then the value passed as `-mqttTimeout` CLI parameter is used. See section in the [Command line options](admin/cli.md#command-line-options) for more details. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `timeout` | ✓        | number | Maximum MQTT broker connection time (in milliseconds). The maximum value allowed for this parameter is 1800000 (30 minutes). If `timeout` is defined to 0 or omitted, then the value passed as `-mqttTimeout` CLI parameter is used. See section in the [Command line options](admin/cli.md#command-line-options) for more details. |
```
